Stop it, Kayano!
This isn't right!
All I'm doing... is killing him.
Once I put my mind to something, I just keep on rolling!
Kayano... isn't acting? These are her true feelings?
She's only been fighting like this for ten or fifteen seconds,
but the tentacles are already starting to take over her mind.
If they've already taken that much control, it's too late.
Whether or not she gets her revenge,
she'll only last a few more minutes after that.
Then I think she'll die.
Kayano-san... Die! Die! Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Korosensei...
Kill me...
Help me!
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai ni mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
86 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
15th Period Hazama Kirara Confession Time
Die! Die! Die! Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Looks more like she's gonna die... any minute now.
Can't we do anything?
Do we just stand by and watch her get eaten away?
Class!
Whoa!
Korosensei?!
Why just your face?
It's an afterimage!
Kayano-san's ferocious attacks don't leave me much time to spare,
so leaving an image of my face is about the best I can manage!
Still, that's pretty nifty.
We have to remove her tentacles ASAP!
Die!
They're only giving off all that abnormal heat
because she's not putting any thought into her own survival!
At this rate, the tentacles will suck out all her life force, and she'll die!
However! As long as her bloodlust matches that of the tentacles,
they'll stay rooted to her nerves, impossible to remove!
We don't have the time to talk her down like we did with Itona-kun!
Then what can we do?
There's only one way:
I'll pull them out as we fight.
I'll let her attack my most critical weak point:
my heart, located just under my tie.
Its complete destruction would kill even me.
If I can make her think she did me in,
her tentacles' bloodlust will weaken for a moment—if only a little.
And in that moment, one of you
will have to make Kayano-san forget her bloodlust.
Forget it? But how?
Whatever works. Anything to get her mind off assassination.
It's the only thing I can't do.
If the target of her bloodlust were to try any funny business,
it would only fan the flames.
But if you can quell that bloodlust,
the tentacles' bond with her will momentarily be broken,
and I might be able to remove them with minimal damage!
And Kayano's tentacles will be stuck through your heart the whole time?
Won't you die first?
I'll try to avoid being fatally wounded.
But I'd say the odds of me dying first are about fifty-fifty.
No!
But you know...
Having you all graduate safely is worth more to me than my life.
H-How are they supposed to step into the fray and distract Kaede?
Does he want those brats to pull off some kind of parlor trick?
Mimura... Hmm?
Play some air guitar.
Huh?
Show her your mad skills.
She'll turn her bloodlust on me!
Look, just do it!
There's no way that'll work!
Then what do we do?
The clap stunner?
No. If her brainwaves are as messed up as they look,
a single clap stunner won't be able to take effect at the ideal moment.
Knives... Guns...
All this stuff would just hurt Kayano.
Isn't there anything else?
The techniques we mastered in this classroom—
we learned anything and everything we needed to become expert assassins!
Wait. There is that one killer move.
Die! Die! Die!
I got him!
I swore to your sister... Let me go!
that I wouldn't give up on any of you.
Nagisa...
Nagisa-kun...
I can't let you say it, Kayano.
That it was all an act.
Our memories here... The fun times we all had together...
I can't let you say that the only thing on your mind through all that was revenge.
Korosensei?
Is this enough?
Full marks, Nagisa-kun!
I can remove them now!
Does this mean Kayano-san will be all right?
Most likely, yes.
Though she'll need complete rest for a while.
Hey, Prince Charming!
Shutting her down with a kiss, eh? Nice!
I thought it'd be the best way to make her forget her bloodlust.
I'll apologize to her later.
Fifteen hits on a ten-second kiss?
You've got a long way to go.
"Hits"?
After all the training I've given you through my forceful, indiscriminate French kisses,
you should have been able to make at least forty.
Well, I could do twenty-five easily.
Same.
God, I hate this place.
Though I could make it to twenty or so myself.
Korosensei!
I'm fine. It'll just take a while to recover since I got hit in the heart.
Now, I know you're dying to hear all about my backstory,
but please, wait just a little longer.
Don't get all dramatic about dying, now.
You're still alive enough to dodge.
Shiro...
Useless girl.
If she was willing to give her own life for that revenge plan of hers,
you'd think she could have done a bit better than this.
You're quite the monster.
Just how many assassins have you driven away in a single year?
But there are still two of them right here before you.
I'll be your final opponent.
You took everything away from me...
and I'll make you pay for it with your life.
The genius scientist, concealed by a cloak and voice modifier...
So it is you, Yanagisawa.
Let us go, 2.0.
Come March, his accursed life will meet a perfectly fitting end.
What's with him?
I...
Kayano-san... Thank goodness.
Kayano, are you okay?
Uh-huh...
Kayanocchi...
At the start, it was pure bloodlust that drove me.
But as I spent time with Korosensei,
the conviction that fueled it began to waver.
I started to wonder if there was more to his background. Circumstances I didn't know about.
And if so, I thought I should find out what they are before I kill him.
But by that time, the bloodlust in my tentacles had swelled forth.
They wouldn't let me back down.
I'm such an idiot, right?
You were all genuinely enjoying your assassinations,
while I wasted the whole year on plain old revenge.
Kayano...
Once you showed me this hairstyle,
I stopped fretting about my long hair.
And like you said,
you coined the name "Korosensei"— and we liked it enough to use it all year.
It doesn't matter what your motives were.
You're one of the people who've made this classroom what it is.
No matter how much you suffered on your own,
we can't let you say it was all an act—
My Plan (Secret)
not all those days you spent smiling right there with us.
Korosensei promised to tell us everything once we were all together.
He's not a saint.
We know he doesn't always do the right thing.
But let's hear him out. All of us, together.
Yeah.
Thank you. Now I don't have to act anymore.
Korosensei...
Whatever's in your past... We'll accept it, as long as it's the truth.
To be honest, I was hoping to never talk about my past if I could avoid it.
But I see I have no choice.
I don't want to lose your trust— the bond we all share.
This past summer, on that tropical island,
Karasuma-sensei said of Irina-sensei:
"The better the assassin, the broader her skill set."
I think that's relevant here.
You, the E Class, are the first students I've ever taught.
Even so, I've managed to teach you just about every subject without a hitch.
Why do you think that is?
Don't tell me... That's right.
Until two years ago, I was the assassin known as the Reaper.
And one more thing...
Even if you do nothing, I'll still die come March.
Either I die alone, or the Earth dies with me—
that's the only part of the future an assassination can change.
And so, the super-organism began to speak
of the human memories he had hidden away.
Assassination Classroom Final Season Kayano Kaede
He grew up trusting only in death.
Born in the ugly world of the slums,
the only truth he could rely on even as a child
was that if you killed someone, they were gone for good.
So he chose the path of the assassin.
It was his calling.
The mighty, he killed with knowledge.
The intelligent, he killed with strength and skill.
Those gifted with both, he enticed with his own charisma.
Once he had claimed a thousand victims,
he was given the nickname "The Reaper."
Watch how you handle him.
Assume there's always a danger of him killing you, no matter the situation.
Though this is a pretty sad state for any assassin to be in.
Clear-headed and tough-bodied.
No family registry means no one will complain if he dies.
He's perfect for this experiment— which is exactly why we got him.
Listen up, guinea pig.
Once, you were the legendary assassin, "The Reaper."
But now you'll be our experimental subject from dawn to dusk, every single day.
Wow, that's a surprise!
I wasn't expecting such a kind-looking person!
Someone pressed into service as my monitor, eh?
Right? I won't do anything, so could you get me out of here?
No can do. If I'm killed, that's it, y'know?
This woman...
I might just be able to use her.
But there's one thing that's bothering me...
What's with that shirt?!
80% Full 80% Full I'm Yukimura Aguri. Nice to meet you!
80% Full 80% Full
ATPase, rebalance phase...
Give him forty units of SOD inhibitor.
Yes, sir.
They're wide open...
but if I kill them now, it'll just complicate my escape.
Good job today.
Let me know once you've rested a bit, and I'll check your vitals.
Again with the dorky shirts, Yukimura-san?
N-Not this one, too?!
I thought it'd be a breath of fresh air in your solitary lifestyle!
To be honest, it ticks me off.
And I like this brand, too.
Well, they don't go over well with my students, either.
Students?
Aguri!
Just how long does a simple data check take?!
I-I'm sorry, Koutarou-sa—
I'm only marrying you out of pity, since your father's one of our subcontractors!
Now, repay that kindness!
Follow my orders with utmost effort and whole-hearted devotion!
And as for you, my guinea pig...
See you tomorrow.
Generating antimatter within life forms:
That was the core of Yanagisawa's research.
He sought to incorporate antimatter-generating particle acceleration cycles into biomolecular networks
and activate the intracellular machinery through colossal energy.
Yanagisawa?
Hmm?
My hands and feet are pretty numb.
And I'm getting chills.
That's Yanagisawa-san to you!
Tch. Peripheral neuropathy, eh?
Perhaps we should stop administering the alkaloid?
Yeah. If it starts affecting polymerization of macromolecules, this'll all be for nothing.
If I can skillfully manipulate the experiment myself,
I can boost the probability of success even further.
I'll gain powers of destruction beyond all human reckoning.
Wow, so much on my checklist today!
Better hurry it along or I'll get smacked around again.
And I guess you don't want that, huh?
Yeah, basically.
I'm actually a teacher, so I can't be getting stupid, now.
A teacher?
Aguri!
How many times do I have to tell you? Don't keep me waiting!
I'm sorry! I'll do it right now!
Your physical ability and clerical skills are all you're good for!
Can't you observe one lousy guinea pig?!
Maybe I'll have to beat it into—
Mr. Reaper... What did you do?
I've immobilized him. That's all.
Now you can still teach tomorrow, right?
After he had spent about three months in this place,
the killer and the teacher were as open with each other as old friends.
Quadratic equations?
You have to dress it up a little more, or it'll feel too easy.
That goes double for students at a college-prep school.
The equation x² - kx + (3√3 - 9)/2 = 0, which is quadratic in x, has two roots, and their difference is (5√3 - 2)/2. Find the value of k.
Urgh... The professional teacher, being schooled by an assassin...
You're better suited to be a teacher than I am, Mr. Reaper.
Well, I can play a college professor if work demands it.
But I'm not cut out for teaching.
I had a pupil once... but he betrayed me.
That's how I wound up here.
Now the Reaper's name and all his skills are mine alone.
And that's not all.
I recently mastered a disguise technique that even you don't have.
Farewell, my teacher.
You never did see my face, did you?
I still don't understand.
I had developed his abilities and supervised him almost perfectly, and yet...
I think I get it.
Your student probably just wanted to be seen. By you.
But I did see him.
Closely observing someone's abilities and personality is key to winning them over.
Break time's over, guinea pig.
Get back on the restraint table. We're doing more testing.
The subject's body is starting to undergo strange changes.
Given the enormous energy within, if he were to rebel...
If he's planning on making a run for it, he'll take Aguri hostage.
Huh?
She's a docile and reasonably capable specimen whose death no one would mourn.
In other words, a canary to gauge his malice.
Rejection response is within expectations.
You may leave him be.
She was to be a living sacrifice.
The Reaper was turning into something that wasn't human.
And though she sensed these things...
she was not the type to ask unnecessary questions.
Good job again today.
Once you've rested a bit, I'll check your vitals.
Then we can talk, like always.
She just looks straight ahead and smiles peacefully. Like always.
Oh... So this is what "seeing" is.
Yes, let's.
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
How are those exam questions coming?
The legendary killer who'd never shown himself to anyone
knew for the first time the happiness in being seen.
I-I'd like your opinion on a few of them.
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
The seasons changed yet again.
Her new batch of students met as Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High...
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
two weeks before the crescent moon came to be.
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again